# Coursera-Financial-Aid-Application-
how to apply for cousera financial aid


## Reason you applied for aid
I’m a student from Nigeria and want to learn Data Science. I think it will be beneficial for my work. But a job but with the standard of living it is not enough to  carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my salary, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course as I want to learn. This course will boost my job prospects on my job from my company. It will help perform better in understanding and learning this technology and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

## How will your selected course help with your goals?
I have a solid background in "math and algorithms and problem-solving skills", so i eager to learn "machine learning" and that's the course the first step to me to making good projects that help the humanity for an easy life and solve the big problem. My main career goal is to learn every day, i really want to learn and to progress in my career. "Programming" requires constant learning and improving, taking a course can help me advance in my knowledge.

I plan on gaining additional skills by taking related classes and continuing my involvement with a variety of professional associations and I noticed that there a lot of company provides in internship and jobs in the related filled, and I would certainly be interested in taking it and improving my self to be on of the pioneer of "machine learning and deep learning." There are many opportunities in this field that the candidate can join but must have good knowledge to join these opportunities, so I see that this course with good tutorials and exercises to join me in the world's largest companies and creativity in this area
